There's only 10 types of people in the world. Those who understand binary and those who don't.
Getting this GirlFriend 1.0 seemed like fun, but this piece of **** doesn't have a minimize button.
Hackers in hollywood movies are phenomenal. All they need to do is "c:\> hack into fbi"
UNIX is basically a simple operating system, but you have to be a genius to understand the simplicity.
Programming is a race between programmers striving to build bigger and better idiot-proof programs, and the Universe trying to produce bigger and better idiots. So far, the Universe is winning.
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police.
Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit; Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad.
Politicians and diapers have one thing in common. They should both be changed regularly, and for the same reason.
Having sex is like playing bridge. If you don't have a good partner, you'd better have a good hand.
The early bird might get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
Evening news is where they begin with 'Good evening', and then proceed to tell you why it isn't.
If sex is a pain in the ass, then you're doing it wrong...
To steal ideas from one person is plagiarism. To steal from many is research.
Better to remain silent and be thought a fool, than to speak and remove all doubt.
Some people are like Slinkies ... not really good for anything, but you can't help smiling when you see one tumble down the stairs.
Behind every successful man is his woman. Behind the fall of a successful man is usually another woman.
The voices in my head may not be real, but they have some good ideas!
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.
Laugh at your problems, everybody else does.
A diplomat is someone who can tell you to go to hell in such a way that you will look forward to the trip.
Hospitality: making your guests feel like they're at home, even if you wish they were.
Just remember...if the world didn't suck, we'd all fall off.
Some cause happiness wherever they go. Others whenever they go.
I don't trust anything that bleeds for days and doesn't die.
If at first you don't succeed, skydiving is not for you!
Gorgeous, intelligent, kind, sweet, charming, witty, hilarious, friendly...well enough about ME! How are you?
Chuck Norris was in all the Star Wars movies. He played the force.
Scientists working on immortality better hurry up. Ian McKellen is 76.
How to tell difference between a chemist and a plumber? Ask them to pronounce unioinized.
What do you get when you cross a joke with a rhetorical question?
There are two types of people in the world: Those who crave closure
There’s a band called 1023MB. They haven’t had any gigs yet.
This sentence contains exactly threee erors.
I’d tell you a UDP joke, but you may not get it.
It's hard to explain puns to kleptomaniacs because they always take things literally.
There are only two hard things in Computer Science: cache invalidation, naming things, and off-by-one errors.